Physical Limit on Joint to avoid wire wrapping.
	No slip ring: added cost, weight, footprint, noise
	Need program joint limit
		Carved joint angle after power cycle
	Wiring
		Even without concentric. 
		Service loop with tape between upper and lower link
		Wire outside for now
			Later do through hole
				Need arc holes through ends of links
Vesc placement: 
	Create coupler on links to screw Vesc to.
		3 sided
		Through holes on links
		Coupler just before motor to keep phase lead short
Foot wheel coupler
	Wheel outside of link
	Coupler offset from link, instead of inline like with gim6010
	Use M4 screw holes for mount
	Create encoder mount inside coupler M2.5 Screws
	Wheel hub attached by M3 screws
	Wheel hub, surround motor rotor
	Wheel hub OD tailored to tires
	Buy big tires
Can
	Xiaomi
		Program issue stop if watchdog timeout
		Test
			Read IMU pitch/roll PID to keep chassis even
				Generate ang_sp, speed_sp for PD controller
					Speed_sp 0
					Angle sp porportional to pitch changes
						Chassis 10deg -> 10deg to motor
	VESC
		Did not work first time cause the CAN on VESC was 500k bps.
			CaN ID was 104, not 255 as in program
			Gain kp too small
		Gain above kp 0.005 and kd above 0.0001 cause grinding (very bad)
			So use gain smaller than 0.005 and kd smaller than 0.0001 instaead
			Decide to use kp 0.005 and kd 0.00015 at the end
				Kp high to react tp small changes in imu angle
				Kd higher than 1 to damp jerkiness but not higher because it would cause grinding.
				

For knee joint
	Control goal
		Maintain traight line from chassi to calf end. 
Straight line with regard to chassis pitch 0

Issue with Glitchy CAN VESC
  Not from BNO055
    Verified with servo (input bno pitch -> smooth angle)
  Issue from CAN
    Reflection
      Todo: solve with adding 120 Resistor
    Communication Conflict Crosstalk
      Todo: Turn off all other communication.
	Solved
		added 120 termination resistor
		check dmm reveal bad connection of vesc positive stub
			resolder with jst connector
			new stubs with all jst, no hard wire solder
			everything works
				needs further testing with feedback from both vesc and xiaomi for crosstalk resolution
Issue trig angle
	atan2 from la and lb does not resolve into quadrant b/c la and lb always >0
		notes: la horizontal, lb vertical
	ack: vesc angle is porpotional to xiami angle plus the compensation for short leg link
		Solved: Actually it does resolve into Quadrant, as la obtained from cos(fb_rad) can be negative when fb_rad >90 : cos flip around 90, not 0 so positive and negative is the same for la, what is different between positive and neg fb angle is just flipping vesc angle
			Issue: Negative fb_angle trip things up
				Fixed: knee joint does respond to changes in hip joint, but only when hip joint is positive
					Fixed: when hip joint is negative, take 360 - (theta + fb).

Issue: Cannot read Can fb frame from VESC
	Fixed: status message ID is shifted 1 decimal up. Status 4 is 17 instead of 16 as documented by VESC.

Changes: take initial angle with knee straighten as 0, then add it as offset when control.
